Now let's visualize Direct Connect and how it works.
It starts with a customer network.
Now this means it's the AWS customer.
In this case,
it could be your on‑premises environment or maybe a colocation
provider that you currently rent hardware from.
Within this customer network, you might have your own virtual
machines or your actual hardware that you're running databases
and other applications on top of.
And you'll also have a router that you send traffic out to the internet,
or in this case, to a Direct Connect location.
The first thing that'll happen is you'll use that router in
order to connect to the Direct Connect location,
and you'll tie it to a customer partner or router.
Now that will then lead to a Direct Connect endpoint
inside of the Direct Connect location.
All of this is going to be handled by a Direct Connect partner,
like the ones that I mentioned in earlier videos.
Now,
once you've connected through your network to the Direct Connect
location over to the Direct Connect endpoint,
you'll then be able to make requests into the AWS cloud inside of a VPC.
Now, this would be using what's called a private virtual interface.
But, if you have resources that are outside of a VPC,
for example, AWS cloud resources like DynamoDB or S3,
you could access those through something called a public virtual interface,
which would still go through the first set of steps,
through the router, the customer partner router,
and the Direct Connect endpoint, and then be sent over to DynamoDB,
S3, or the other public API endpoints for AWS cloud.
This would be called a public virtual interface.
So this is how you might use Direct Connect at a high
level to interact with AWS cloud services.
Just remember that when interacting with resources in VPC that
are protected by the VPC's configuration,
you'll use a private virtual interface,
whereas with the public services like DynamoDB and S3, you'll stick to that public virtual interface.